config: mark `block_sync` key as deprecated (#414)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/core/configuration.md

# If this node is many blocks behind the tip of the chain, BlockSync
# allows them to catchup quickly by downloading blocks in parallel
# and verifying their commits

> # Deprecated: BlockSync will be enabled by default in the next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deprecated: BlockSync will be enabled unconditionally in the next major release.
```
